Hi all
 
I am sharing  the Angular Basic  Assignment. Please complete the assignment till tomorrow 5PM,  and upload your solution on your own github repository. With Assignement-2.Please share your github repo Link on your online status report.
 
 
 Angular Basic Assignments
 
Q1.Create an increment counter with reset button When I click on the Counter Button it should be incremented by 1 and when we click on reset it will print 0.
 
[Areas that will be covered in this question :  Component, Event Handling, Component Communication, Two Way Binding, Interpolation]
 
Q.2 You are given a Textbox .To put your hobby in the textbox.Suppose you have entered two of your hobbies like Cricket and Tennis print the previous hobby and next hobby on the console.
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: LifeCycleHook,Interpolation binding ]
 
Q3.Create an Application which implements Login and Registration functionality. 
LoginForm has two fields: username name and password if username and password is correct and the user clicks on the login button then the user should be moved to Admin Dashboard.
If user is not registered then he should get appropriate error message
If a user clicks on the Register button he should be moved to the registration page where he needs to fill the firstname lastname username and password for registration.
On UserDashboard User can also View all the registered users list
If Admin want to delete the user admin can delete the user.
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: ,Interpolation binding,Routing and Navigation ]


Q.4 A shopkeeper has a GreetingCard Business.He wants to create an image gallery which consists of various images and category wise we can display the image.
For ex-if he selects forest as category then only forest images should be displayed.
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: LifeCycleHook,Interpolation binding,pipe ]
 
Q.5.Create a card layout  using angular where cardheading is showing the product description and product footer is showing the company name but content for the card-body should be changed when the product is changed.
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: Interpolation binding,Directive,Content Projection ]
 
Q.6.You are given a CourseList Like wise
1.Spring
2.Hibernate
3.Junit
4.Html
5.CSS
and you are also given Course Details of each course if you click on the course the id of the subject is retrieved on CourseDetails component and print the message 
You have selected courseId=1
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: Routing and Navigation ]
 
Q.7.Create a User Registration form with the name,dateofBirth,Address properties using reactive form techniques and display the data in the form of JSON format.Also apply the validation if needed.
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: Forms & FormsValidation]
 
Q.8.You are given a form  with two route Home and CreateStudent.When you  have filled up the student Information and about to submit  the form before that you  click on Home route then you will lost you’re your student data. So Create a Service Which will notify when you are moving from one route to another .By saying -Are you sure you want to discard the  changes ?
 
[Areas that is covered in this question: Service and Dependency Injection ]
 
Thanks
Sunil Tripathi